week 3
Link to your web page's url.
https://web.dev/learn/accessibility  
How did the website do (rating number)?
    mobile 100  desktop 100
Did the rating between the mobile and desktop audit vary? If so why?
    It did not change. It was 100 each time
Did they have a major failing? (What was it?) 
    I fully passed
Now actually look at the website and answer the following questions.

View web page source (right click on web page and select view page source). Is it mostly semantic HTML or not? If it is how is this helping their accessibility? If it isn't how is it hindering accessibility? 
in 4859 lines of code class= is used 689,   id= is used 29,  script links to a few pages, opening <nav> tags used 5
Try tabbing through the website. Is there anything they should have excluded or included in tabbing.
    Function. I can navigate up and down with the arrows, this is good, however when I hit tab I loss this feature.      First it hist a few things on top of page such as sign in and search. then it goes through all options in the hamburger menu first, and invisible to the viewer, then goes to the lighthouse ignoring that for the critic, then starts to down the page. I first thought it was just running down the page, but had to search for where it was trying to look.  So confusing to me as I don't use tabs often to judge common practice.
 Are the image alt tags helpful (right click on image, and select inspect to see code for images)? If yes, why are the good? If they are bad, how could they be better? 
    Did not see any images on page, linked to a different page on the sight and it did have a good description for a title of the image.


week 4
1) Client's Names & mission statement.
    Hoppy House Rabbit Rescue is a foster-based domestic rabbit rescue in western Wisconsin with a focus on the rehabilitation of abandoned, neglected, abused domestic rabbits. We work diligently to improve the lives of rabbits through education and advocacy.
2) Similar websites ( as it is a non-profit they do not have competitors but allies in the cause)
    my search was "rabbit adoption" I did one on my phone, but the to actully fully commit to performing assiment i did the search again but on laptop and got diffrent results.
    A) https://wisconsinhrs.org/      B)  https://www.petfinder.com/search/rabbits-for-adoption/  C) https://oscarsrabbitrescue.org/
3) contents of other webstes
    The two that were .org  had information for longterm care, how to help, not just money, why they started and why they continue. They did not show what rabbits were advailable.
    the .com website (powerd by Purina) only had images and distance to rabbit.  Had no information on how to care for rabbit.
4) What can be better.
    The client, lacks knowlege and skill to beable to edit website.  would like to beable to pull from a spreedsheet or simlare, to display images of avalable rabbits.
    also want to show the success stories, the .org websites want to do stuff, but did not show the did stuff.
5) keywords.
     A) "Wisconsin House Rabbit Society” “Rescue, Adoption, Education” “Adoption” “Rabbit Care” “Diet” “Housing” “Health” “Spay/Neutering” “Litter Training” “Toys” “Companions” “Volunteer” “Donate” “Support Us” “Bun Shoppe” “Find a Vet” “Membership”
    B) "Rabbits for adoption" "Rabbits for adoption near" "Adopt a rabbit" "Rabbits for adoption in" "Pet adoption" "Adoptable rabbits" "Rabbit rescue" "Rabbit shelters" "Find a pet"
    C) "Oscar’s Rabbit Rescue" "Domestic Rabbit Rescue" "Central Wisconsin" "Adopt / Adoption" "Foster" "Bearded Dragons" "Birds" "Bunnies" "Guinea Pigs" "Donate / Donations" "Education & Resources" "Bringing Home a Pet Rabbit" "Diet for a Domestic Rabbit" "Bonding Rabbits" "Spay & Neuter" "Grooming & Nail Trimming" "GI Stasis in Rabbits" "Emergency Preparedness" "Litter & Litter Boxes" "Vets for Your Rabbit" "Surrender" "Shelter / Homes" "Medical Care" "Resources" "Volunteer" "Foster Homes Needed" "Wisconsin, Marshfield, WI"

    clients) "Hoppy house Rabbit Rescue"  "Chippewa Valley" "Rabbit adoption" "Adopt Rabbit" "Rabbit donation" "Rabbit Vet" "help Rabbit" "Rabbit Info" "Rabbit" "education & Resources" "Bring home a Rabbit" "Rabbit Care"  "lost rabbit"

